Include Teleport agent installation instructions for App,DB Guides (#12171)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/getting-started.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/token.mdx!)

> Install Teleport into host for Teleport Database Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Teleport on the host where you will run the Teleport Database Service:
```
